I will not wait
Character or the mission engagement
Oh, I 'm strengthening you or you
It was a good shop
I was I do not think the Nde is it is seen to open the west of yokozuna actually using
Another good six bought the body
Pile of vision
tan
It is said that the fried chicken of the part of the phantom which is not used in other stores was found
2 people on the basis of the land before the write or Doerai emergency dispatch vehicles to Suma Kobe
It is here Oh
Here it is a shop that out pretty visionary of vowels
Yes No, put Naku'
What day What Yahoo is good Come on registration Tsukasen'ne at all
I guess let's go witch
Probably too Chitcha Tsu Is this Kappudeka
A pot of sputum image flying is Tsuru Do not Haiya
It adopted but Hahhahhaze is huge Gesun from in front of the MaYukino eyes
Shigemori
It is a well-known store that people who have long been loved by locals
Yooｰ the personable now supports
Ah ah ah ah
It looks like a little 5 minutes ぇ This is the color below using the part of the phantom
It's just an illusion, and it certainly has a form we have never seen before
Six versions of that six patterns unsweet
Protect the seedlings
Many
Most of this food taste experience is
a
2nd place
Boo Boo
That never tasted spread to the texture and mouth-filling with surprising never felt until now
The
This meat is one thing
Excuse me
I see a little sure you want
This of
I'm eating in it toward the bird I'd be phantom of v is heard everywhere well what is
It doesn't generally work well from the inside of the building
There Yaro This is you is whether those big Jan Well who would some had been told Bettori
Or There Soine do here
This is how the store manager came up as a result of researching various parts in search of the ideal color.
In
It is called an alias cormorant heat at the site of the I not come to the wings source and chest
A kerosene that can taste the juicy taste of chicken wings and moist texture of ranch meat in one step
It's the most crowded part of a bird.
Entered it's Yoshi
I'm Deployment
Once it has become wore bracket toward
The It's that kind of thread likely to do well in store If you do not enter before I quite it there hit him
Or
I can not get it
It is a feeling that is said to be a really rare part
Only 50 tubes of meat can be taken from one bird
Too much weight and usually there is almost no circulation of shoulder meat alone
It may be said that the shoulder meat is said to be a part of the shadow
This store has billed you to get a mouth only for that person on a special route
Tei was
It is probably only in Japan that we can offer this as a regular menu 7 days a week
I wonder if you have Nja no good
Here only to those who arrived result of pursuing under the best of color Raitencho says in Japan
Say say not taste
Agreement to shelv
The second point used a phantom general 's meat
The color of heavy success
Big Oh Oh Oh
'S Nya this of you that I, if there is I'm not a meat Well Imara
Please N Tan until the actual a fit broth
Oh uh-uh cormorant uhh at all different Cho
Elasticity is great
There is none
Let's look at the pictorial record circle book
I will not fit this beer in the box
Hmm
Put on for this v minor wire
After all it is said variously, may you choose the last number ?
The color of the highest gold award Johnny for three consecutive years soaked in sauce for four days-
Color under the only instrument that uses a Boruchi -v how meat if
Is it Shigemori?
The color of the dumplings pot Ah-chan highest source was combined to fried rodents car
And the fried chicken beyond the concept of fried chicken that the famous Italian restaurant started out
Do Akae Tamao is to choose which fried the Last Supper
Please do both
Ah ah ah ah
Yeah'm under from going towards the Shigemori
naa
toranoana